welcome to the man of recaps it's the
Walking Dead Season 5 the group is
trapped at terminus but first we get a
flashback to see what happened at
terminus they were trapped in their own
cars because these like other bad guys
came in and like rape them all and stuff
so that's why they decided they would
never trust Outsiders again so back in
the present our groups ready to fight
with whatever makeshift weapons they can
get of course they fail though now I'm
getting kind of a cannibal vibe from
this terminus place oh yeah definitely
cannibals their leader is this huge frat
boy douchebag Gareth and like right when
they're about to slaughter Glenn oh
there's noise outside what's this own
explosion that's rach in the world
what's happening well Carol and Tyreese
were still outside on the way there when
they find this term this guy who talks
pretty specifically about how they're
going to eat Rick and Friends there's a
convenient zombie horde near behind a
conveniently placed propane tank and
some fireworks for Carol to explode a
hole in the fence so that's pretty cool
all the zombies making it now Rick uses
a confusion to use a sharp stick to stab
the guy and that our whole gang makes it
out of terminus unscathed and as they
tend to do they leave the place of
smoking ruin Carol meets back up with
the gang where it's like thanks for
saving us I'm sorry I exiled you for
whatever that was also here's your baby
Congrats it's probably Shane's but it's
still cool the gang is on the road again
the first thing they do is find this
pastor he's like hey I'm a pastor I've
been living in this church it's pretty
much unscathed me I can't drive so I had
lots of food but now it's all gone we've
got to go to the food bank down in the
city so it's like okay let's go down
there as the basements all flooded with
zombies but they go and they kill some
zombies uh this one guy Bob he like gets
pulled down luckily he's not bit or so
he says anyway they come out with a
bunch of canned food and they have an
awesome canned food party and Abraham is
like hey guys remember I'm going to DC
to bring the scientists here Eugene down
and we're gonna cure the whole zombie
apocalypse save the world and Rick's
like yeah actually that sounds like a
good idea let's do it Daryl and Carol
are out scouting when a car drives by
it's got the cross in the back window
that's the same car that abducted Beth
last season Daryl's like hey Beth and I
almost had a romance arc I gotta go
follow her meanwhile Tyrese's sister
Sasha and this guy Bob are like having a
romance thing and he's outside crying
though and he's like hid in the back of
the head and kidnapped by the terminus
guys and they're like haha we're gonna
eat your leg right in front of you
because we're sick you taste so good but
he's like huh
sucks for you I'm bit you're a poison
now it's like wait is that how that
worked we don't think it's that how it
works it doesn't matter the King
realizes they're missing Bob Daryl and
Carol Rick's like yo pastor what's your
secret you behind this he's like no no
my secrets I just let my congregation
get eaten by zombies while I lock myself
in here so not that bad
Bob's dropped at the doorstep though
he's like yeah I was bit and it's
determinist guys they ate my leg
Abraham's like look I'd love to stay and
help you fight terminus but I can't put
Eugene's life in danger because you know
if he dies like he's the only one that
could save the world but Glen's like hey
if you stay one night help us fight
terminus me and Maggie I'll come with
you on your mission tomorrow so he's
like okay fine deal so the game goes out
to fight
this of course terminus was hiding like
right outside till I get in church
they're gonna eat the leftovers but
Rick's like ha we're smart too we're
hiding in the shadows and he takes them
and he ends German is pretty quickly
right there
so Abraham goes off in his DC mission
Rick's gonna stay behind and wait for
Daryl and Carol so it's like okay maybe
you'll see you later one day Glenn
Maggie do you go with them though so
that's cool and the ticka school bus
they're off now where is Beth well she
wakes up in a hospital with an actual
doctor and an actual police officer
she's like um thanks for saving me I
guess they're like yeah health care
ain't cheap maybe you got to work off
your debt she's like okay whatever I'll
be a nurse for a little while but this
other nurse like bring her in cuz she
was escaping she's I kind of had to be
eaten by zombies and stay here and she's
like oh that's weird
she soon finds out why the cops are in
charge and they like sexually harass and
rape all the nurses sometimes she talks
to the policewoman in charge is like
sorry we all have to make sacrifices
greater good
so Beth befriends a laundry boy who's
like yeah you're right this place sucks
let's get out of here so bad sneaks into
the office and gets the key but this
other nurse there and she killed herself
and Justin the police officer comes in
is like hey sex right now or I'm gonna
like get you in a lot of trouble but
then she wakes up a zombie so but hits
him over the head and feeds him to the
zombie and they sneak out through the
elevator shaft I don't know why they
didn't just take the stairs or what the
key was for but anyway they make it
outside where there are lots of zombies
and Beth does get caught by the cops
but laundry boy makes it away back
inside Beth is there but that she sees
Carol who's brought in what's going on
here how this happened well the DC gang
runs into some hiccups almost
immediately and it's like well we've
only driven about a mile let's just go
back to the church but Abraham's like no
this is important mission we press on so
they find a fire truck and they use the
hosts like blast a bunch of zombies
which works pretty well but the fire
truck breaks down and they're gonna go
on foot but it's full of zombies
neighbor hams like whatever we got to
keep going but it's like you can't
and then Eugene admits I'm not a
scientist and they're like wait say what
he's like yeah I'm just a nerd and when
I saw this big beef head guy I like used
a lot of big words to make him think I
was a scientist so he would be my
bodyguard
so Abraham punches him in the face and
almost kills him with one hit and then
he's like super depressed because we got
his story to where he like had a family
but they were scared of the things he
had to do to survive so they like ran
away from him I don't he finds him dead
he's like gonna kill himself but he
finds Eugenia gave him a reason to live
back to Daryl and Carol hot on BET's
trail the car they're following leads
them into Atlanta but their own car
breaks down so they lose it the next day
they go up and they find this van that's
got the crosses on it so they go check
it out and they realize oh this van
probably came from the hospital
unfortunately lots of zombies coming so
they strapped themselves on and go for a
nice little ride they walk it off though
they're fine they run into laundry boy
who's gonna rob them then it's like wait
you know Beth yeah just in a hospital
car comes by and they're going to find
everything Carol gets kicked by it's
like wait no they can fix her you know
let her take her in so they let him do
that we get her later the go grab the
rest of the group to make a plan to
rescue Beth and Carol they're going to
use laundry boy as a distraction so they
can kidnap some cops
trade this cops name is Bob though which
was Sasha's dead boyfriend's name so she
trusts him but then he like tries to
escape and Rick has to go chase him down
and shoot him in the head that was what
he gets anyway they got two more cops
and it's like yeah you down for this
trade and they're like yeah we're down
to this trade so they're making the
trade everything goes smoothly at first
with then-head cops like hey I want my
laundry boy back and Rick's like no you
can't have him but he's like yo it's
fine I don't mind laundry that much
anyway but then bets like yo I'm gonna
stab you for that oh and I shot you in
the head what Batho know is an accident
then Daryl's like I'm gonna shoot you in
the head and then they're like okay no
more shooting in the head let's just all
walk away so Beth is dead and it's super
sad because Jarrell almost had a hot
girlfriend her sister Maggie's there to
it the rest of the gang see the priest
went on a walk one day and like
accidentally led all the zombies back to
the church so they had to lock him in
he's like oh man I'm dumb and then the
DC crew came back with the fire truck
it's like yeah he's not a scientist
we're not saving the world let's all
just meet up so where are they gonna go
now DC was a bust the churches gone it's
like well the laundry boy said he's got
a nice neighborhood over in Virginia so
they go there unfortunately it is
overrun with zombies they go to laundry
boy's house where he meets his mama's
dead and Tyreese finds his younger
brother who bites him and he's like oh
man I'm bleeding out so they have to
amputate his arm but it's sort of too
late he dies by Tyreese you had a good
run so now our group is without cars
running low on food and water walking
the earth without purpose of direction
with very little hope of survival and
the imagery of the shot reflects the
duality of the title Walking Dead
referring not only took the reanimated
zombie corpses but to the surviving
humans themselves and in case you missed
that Rick says it literally a few scenes
later they are in fact dying of thirst
when they come across these bottles of
water left in the middle of the road
with the note that says from a friend
it's like don't drink that dummy it's
definitely a trap but then they find
this Justin Timberlake looking nerd and
he's like hey what's up I'm a friend I
left you the water I've got a really
nice neighborhood back there that you
guys can all come join and rates like
the AI no offense the last people we did
that try to eat us I don't trust you but
Michelle's like hey we may as well check
it out so they go find his are being
nearby and they all drive off to his
thing they do end up with some zombie
trouble by the way they gotta like shoot
them in the head with some flares it's
pretty cool then they find his partner
who was nearby and it's like his partner
partner
and it's like oh you guys are gay I
trust you then you know gay people are
trustworthy so he brings it to his
neighborhood Alexandria and it's got
great walls and it's a real nice place
and this is their leader Deanna she's
like hey what's up I used to be a
senator this place was built as like a
self-sustaining community so we still
out like power and running water all
that good stuff
and Rick's like you know what that
sounds good I'm in it's like hey we also
got a ton of houses you can take any one
you want but the group's used to stay
together so they'll stay in the same one
for now anyway it does have running
water so Rick takes a shower and he's
like it's time to shave my Robin
Williams Jumanji beard wow look how
clean shaven he is so he comes out
looking all sexy just in time to me
the hot neighbor next door so the
group's checking out the neighborhood
seems pretty nice Karl meet some friends
his own age including this one who's a
hot girl that came in from the outside -
and I wonder he sees her like sneaking
over the wall he follows her out there
and she's like yeah it's just you know
hard living in a civilized life I like
being out here with the zombies and they
hide in the zombie tree and it's like oh
you know it's definitely on so they make
Ricca sheriff obviously and Michonne
gets to be his deputy and Rick's like
yeah it turns out this place isn't a
trap these people are just super soft
weak because they've been protected the
whole time if we don't like how they're
doing things will just take this place
for ourselves so to that end they have a
secret meeting outside see they had to
give up all their guns while they're
inside the walls but they're protected
by like this chick and they're like
barely locked up but also Carol's
pretending to be super nice and she's
like yeah I can just walk in there one
day and like leave the window open so
they do that they steal some guns and
they find the zombie outside by the way
with the W in its forehead what's that
about later they have a fancy welcome
party where Rick's new crush turns out
has a husband that's too bad but she and
Rick definitely have some sexual tension
they also meet Diana's husband who's the
architect that built the walls and
laundry boy is going to become an
architect too but first they have to go
on a run to get some more like power
supplies or something
this is Deanna's son he's like this
douchebag and he's in charge of runs so
they go out there and they find the
power supply's or whatever but then he
finds this like zombie who's got like
this grenade on it it's like wait no he
shoots Oh boom and he ends up impaled on
this thing and this girl's hair gets hit
- so Eugene has to save her and then
it's like okay man we're gonna get you
out of here oh no it's not gonna happen
sorry zombies got you so he dies a
horrible death and these guys end up
trapped in the rotating door Eugene
comes by out the truck and he leaves
zombies outside he leaders them away and
it's like okay man hold the door I'm
gonna break the glass but then this
douchebag is like y'all want to save
myself sorry oh and he squeezes out of
there which opens the other side and
laundry boy gets pulled up and he gets
torn to pieces right in front of Glenn
so gun comes up and he beats and he's
like man you're a terrible person like I
hate you now so this is Rick's crushes
son and he lets it slip that his dad
like beats his mom so Carol tells Rick
and Rick tickles and tells Deanna who's
sad about her son being dead by the way
and does trust Rick because this guy
told the wrong story of happens went
down and she's like what do you do we
don't have jails anyway he's like I'm
gonna shoot him in the head and she's
like no you can't just shoot people in
the head but he goes to see his lady
he's like hey obviously you and I should
be together if you need help breaking up
with your husband just give me the word
I'll do it so she's like yeah do it so
he comes in and like he and Rick have a
fight which spills out onto the street
and Rick's about to just like choke him
out right there in front of everyone and
Dan is like hey you can't just kill
people and he's like you know I got a
gun I'm in charge here and he gives an
impassioned speech about how they're all
too soft and they need to man up
but he's scaring people so Michelle
takes him out elsewhere it's Morgan
that's where it's friend from the very
beginning of season 1 and also again in
season 3 where he had lost his mind and
he's being held up in the woods by the
guy with W
says it stands for the Wolfpack and when
they're trying to rob him he like has
these bow staff skills now and he beats
them all up nergi Justin Timberlake's
got a motorcycle in his garage so
Darrell fixes it up these two are going
out on the road to look for more
survivors they find these trucks full of
food which is awesome but surprise it's
full of zombies yes it's a trap and it's
the wolf pack thing going on so they're
hide in this car
and luckily Morgan's there he busts a
mountain they managed to escape he's
okay I'm looking for my friend Rick you
seen him so ever it's been put in
timeout Indiana's holding a vote tonight
to see if they're gonna kick Rick out of
the neighborhood looks like we'll play
nice for now but if they try to kick me
out we'll just kill them all
meanwhile the priest is coming back from
another walk and it's like a man clothes
like be behind you but he's like no I'm
not gonna close because I'm in the
middle of an existential crisis he
should really not be allowed and walks
anymore anyway Rick finds the open gate
and he like tracks down the zombies and
so they're holding the Town Meeting and
it's like well Rick's not here I guess
we should start without him so all of
his friends are like yeah viryx are
really good guy we should let him stay
but the end is like you know I don't
trust him I think we should kick him out
but then Rick comes back he's like hey
sorry I missed the meeting like I was
single-handedly saving the town you guys
need me because you can enclose the gate
just then the husband comes back and
he's guys got the sword and the accent
he kills the Anna's husband and she's
like oh my god Rick you have my
permission to shoot him in the head now
and Rick's like with pleasure
boom takes him out and just then Morgan
comes back it's like oh hey man and
that's how season five comes to an end